src/pages/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: 'index-page'
title: 'Great coffee with a conscience'
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
heading: Great coffee with a conscience
subheading: Support sustainable farming while enjoying a cup
description: >-
  Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
  java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee production,
  roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to
  anyone.
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      text: >
        We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from
        independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a
        variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and
        local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current
        availability.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
        tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
        own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget
        to fall in love with in our shop.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        Love a great cup of coffee, but never knew how to make one? Bought a
        fancy new Chemex but have no clue how to use it? Don't worry, we’re here
        to help. You can schedule a custom 1-on-1 consultation with our baristas
        to learn anything you want to know about coffee roasting and brewing.
        Email us or call the store for details.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        We believe that good coffee has the power to bring people together.
        That’s why we decided to turn a corner of our shop into a cozy meeting
        space where you can hang out with fellow coffee lovers and learn about
        coffee making techniques. All of the artwork on display there is for
        sale. The full price you pay goes to the artist.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
testimonials:
  - author: Elisabeth Kaurismäki
    quote: >-
      The first time I tried Kaldi’s coffee, I couldn’t even believe that was
      the same thing I’ve been drinking every morning.
  - author: Philipp Trommler
    quote: >-
      Kaldi is the place to go if you want the best quality coffee. I love their
      stance on empowering farmers and transparency.
full_image: /img/products-full-width.jpg
pricing:
  heading: Monthly subscriptions
  description: >-
    We make it easy to make great coffee a part of your life. Choose one of our
    monthly subscription plans to receive great coffee at your doorstep each
    month. Contact us about more details and payment info.
  plans:
    - description: Perfect for the drinker who likes to enjoy 1-2 cups per day.
      items:
        - 3 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans"
        - One or two varieties of beans"
      plan: Small
      price: '50'
    - description: 'Great for avid drinkers, java-loving couples and bigger crowds'
      items:
        - 6 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Up to 4 different varieties of beans
      plan: Big
      price: '80'
    - description: Want a few tiny batches from different varieties? Try our custom plan
      items:
        - Whatever you need
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Unlimited varieties
      plan: Custom
      price: '??'
---

Commit message:

Main pitch section from markdown, index-page graphQL is now queried by template key
I've moved the Why Kaldi section into the mardkown template, graphQL has a new `mainpitch {title, description}`

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: 'index-page'
title: 'Great coffee with a conscience'
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
heading: Great coffee with a conscience
subheading: Support sustainable farming while enjoying a cup
description: >-
  Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
  java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee production,
  roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to
  anyone.
mainpitch:
  title: Why Kaldi
  description: >
      Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that
      great coffee shouldn't just taste good, it should do good
      too. We source all of our beans directly from small scale
      sustainable farmers and make sure part of the profits are
      reinvested in their communities.
intro:
  blurbs:
    - image: /img/coffee.png
      text: >
        We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from
        independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a
        variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and
        local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current
        availability.
    - image: /img/coffee-gear.png
      text: >
        We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
        tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
        own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget
        to fall in love with in our shop.
    - image: /img/tutorials.png
      text: >
        Love a great cup of coffee, but never knew how to make one? Bought a
        fancy new Chemex but have no clue how to use it? Don't worry, we’re here
        to help. You can schedule a custom 1-on-1 consultation with our baristas
        to learn anything you want to know about coffee roasting and brewing.
        Email us or call the store for details.
    - image: /img/meeting-space.png
      text: >
        We believe that good coffee has the power to bring people together.
        That’s why we decided to turn a corner of our shop into a cozy meeting
        space where you can hang out with fellow coffee lovers and learn about
        coffee making techniques. All of the artwork on display there is for
        sale. The full price you pay goes to the artist.
  heading: What we offer
  description: >
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone. This is an edit via identity...
main:
  heading: Great coffee with no compromises
  description: >
    We hold our coffee to the highest standards from the shrub to the cup.
    That’s why we’re meticulous and transparent about each step of the coffee’s
    journey. We personally visit each farm to make sure the conditions are
    optimal for the plants, farmers and the local environment.
  image1:
    alt: A close-up of a paper filter filled with ground coffee
    image: /img/products-grid3.jpg
  image2:
    alt: A green cup of a coffee on a wooden table
    image: /img/products-grid2.jpg
  image3:
    alt: Coffee beans
    image: /img/products-grid1.jpg
testimonials:
  - author: Elisabeth Kaurismäki
    quote: >-
      The first time I tried Kaldi’s coffee, I couldn’t even believe that was
      the same thing I’ve been drinking every morning.
  - author: Philipp Trommler
    quote: >-
      Kaldi is the place to go if you want the best quality coffee. I love their
      stance on empowering farmers and transparency.
full_image: /img/products-full-width.jpg
pricing:
  heading: Monthly subscriptions
  description: >-
    We make it easy to make great coffee a part of your life. Choose one of our
    monthly subscription plans to receive great coffee at your doorstep each
    month. Contact us about more details and payment info.
  plans:
    - description: Perfect for the drinker who likes to enjoy 1-2 cups per day.
      items:
        - 3 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans"
        - One or two varieties of beans"
      plan: Small
      price: '50'
    - description: 'Great for avid drinkers, java-loving couples and bigger crowds'
      items:
        - 6 lbs of coffee per month
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Up to 4 different varieties of beans
      plan: Big
      price: '80'
    - description: Want a few tiny batches from different varieties? Try our custom plan
      items:
        - Whatever you need
        - Green or roasted beans
        - Unlimited varieties
      plan: Custom
      price: '??'
---
